Update for sage release notes (#358)
openforcefield/openforcefield.org: content/force-fields/force-fields/_index.md

All currently available versions are listed below. Each force field is currently available in two forms - with and without bond constraints to hydrogen. The default version of each force field is suitable for typical molecular dynamics simulations with constrained bonds to hydrogen. The unconstrained version of each force field should be used when single-point energies are a major concern (e.g. geometry optimizations) and when comparing the force field to QM data.

{{< br >}}
## Sage ##
![Sage](img/sage.jpg)
### Versioning: openff-2.y.z ###

> _Sage_ (OpenFF-2.y.z) is the codename for the second generation of optimized small molecule force fields from the Open Force Field Initiative. Sage contains a refit of the Lennard-Jones parameters from the AMBER-lineage _smirnoff99Frosst_ to physical property datasets, in addition to a refit of valence parameters from Parsley 1.3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Sage_ (OpenFF-2.y.z) is the codename for the second generation of small molecule force fields from the Open Force Field Initiative. Building upon Parsley 1.3.0, it contains a partial re-training of the Lennard-Jones parameters against experimental physical property data in addition to a set of retrained valence parameters .
```

{{< br >}}{{< br >}}
### openff-2.0.0 ###

#### Release date: August 16, 2021

> This is the first release of the Sage line of force fields. Full details of the Sage fitting are available in the releases section of the [openff-sage GitHub repository](https://github.com/openforcefield/openff-sage/releases/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the first release of the Sage line of force fields. Full details of the Sage training and assessment pipelines are available in the releases section of the [openff-sage GitHub repository](https://github.com/openforcefield/openff-sage/releases/)
```
